a member of the US Air Force is in
critical condition after setting himself
on fire outside the Israeli Embassy in
Washington in protest against the war in
Gaza he filmed a video explaining why he
was doing it security agents then
responded and helped extinguish the
fimes is Aaron
Bushnell I am an active duty
member of the United States Air
Force and I will no longer be
complicit in genocide
I'm about to engage in an extreme active
protest but compared to what people have
been experiencing in palestin at the
hands of their
colonizers it's not extreme at
all this is what our ruling class has
decided will be
normal
Jesus hey get the fire I'll cover you
I'll cover you go
oh